Feature/14 recordview (#18)
DanielSiepmann/tracking: Documentation/Index.rst

.. _start:

==================
Tracking Extension
==================

A very simple server side tracking extension.
Initially developed for demonstration purposes.
Soon requested by customers in order to have privacy focused minimal tracking inside of TYPO3.

The extension provides built in tracking.
All requests are tracked right within TYPO3 as custom records.

The extension also delivers widgets for EXT:dashboard to visualize tracked information.

.. _goal:

Goal
----

This extension only provides very basic features and is not intended to resolve complex solutions like Google Analytics.

> Yet it should provide the very minimum requirements to remove the need for such complex solution on small websites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yet it should provide the very minimum requirements to remove the need of such complex solutions on small websites.
```

.. figure:: /Images/Widgets.png
    :align: center

    Figure 1-1: Screenshot of how widgets might look, representing tracked information.

> .. figure:: /Images/ListView.png

Reviewer: You moved the image:

```suggestion
.. figure:: /Images/ListViewPageviews.png
```

    :align: center

    Figure 1-2: Screenshot of TYPO3 list view, showing records of tracked data.

Integrators should be able to configure more or less everything.
From collection to displaying via widgets.

Features
--------

> The extension allows to track :ref:`pageviews`,

Reviewer: The reference `pageviews` does not exists and nothing is linked here.

You can see it in your preview of the documentation.
